Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You know in middle
school. I spent
a whole summer inside.
I didn't go out.
Didn't want kids to
make fun of my braces.
But this...
no walls... no ceiling.
For the first time in
eight years...
I'm not gonna lie. it's
kind of freaking me out.
Does it freak you out?
Not one bit.
But you with braces?
Right. radiation levels
normal for now.
Outside temperature is minus
one-seventeen.
Maybe it was a satellite
that fell out of orbit?
The rocket's trajectory
was leaving the atmosphere.
not entering it.
Could have been a failsafe
triggered automatically
by who knows what.
A rat chewing a wire.
Yeah. well.
anything's possible.
Tell you what. let's get
these samples and keep going.
Snowpiercer. this is Ben.
Do you read me?
Mel. do you copy?
Come in. Some kind
of interference
Ben?
Holy shit.
They were waiting for us.
The end of the line
That's what I thought when
the trains split apart.
Who knew we'd end up like this?
I got it. I got it.
You didn't need to run off
like a crazy person. She's fine.
Give me a second.
Do you need to sit down?
You're gonna pass out.
I'm just... Well
look. wait 'til nap
time and she's screaming for
her Gibby then who's the hero?
Clearly Gibby.
Alright. now that you got
your morning run in.
how 'bout we get to work?
Wait. wait. it's cold out.
She needs her parka.
Get mine.
I'll get your...
Turns out
my mother was right.
Before she passed on. she held
my hand and said. "Don't worry".
son. endings are just
beginnings in disguise.
This is a new beginning.
A New Eden
filled with survivors
looking for a second chance.
No doubt. the open sky
has been a gift but
growing food. generating
power. fighting unpredictable
weather. it's been a struggle.
Almost as hard as trying to
make contact with our friends.
wondering if they're
still alive out there on
Snowpiercer. 879 cars long.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Is the council meeting tonight?
Yeah.
Do you think you could take her?
Yeah. Just come on
by in the morning.
I'll make sure to pack
the bunny.
Hey. yeah. what's up?
Hey. do you think Headwood
has time for a treatment today?
Yeah. we'll make time for you.
Are you getting
your feeling back?
Yeah. I mean.
some areas are responding
better than others.
I mean. my hand is almost
completely back to normal.
Hey. look. how lucky.
Actual blueberries.
Ooh. yum.
Hey. so I've been working
on that transceiver glitch.
I think the far relay is too
close to the edge of the pocket.
Yeah. good morning
to you. too. Javi.
Hey. guys.
I should get to the clinic.
I'll just catch you guys later.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Based on projections.
we've got about a week
before Snowpiercer
reaches radio range.
Yeah. these atmospheric
conditions are not helping.
They're all over the place.
I think they're affecting
the signal.
But I was thinking maybe
we could run diagnostics.
check the feed line. maybe
move one of the relays?
Yes. okay. I'll help.
Thank you.
See you tonight.
I mean. the fact that
we still have everyone living
on the train after a year.
I'd hoped for much better.
Shelters are next on the list
after we fix the bridge.
It took up a lot of manpower.
Is that still on schedule
to finish this week?
It's... we'll get there.
We'd better.
You know. it's piling up.
Between the shelters.
the power grid...
I know. and the relay issues.
The fun never stops.
Are we having relay issues?
Hmm?
Where'd you hear that?
Oh. take me back
to the Teals.
Hey. I think that
"rugged town Mayer" suits you
better than the Teals.
Sorry to bother you. Ruth.
but Sykes needs you in Ag-Sec.
Something about the irrigation
in car A-14.
Ooh. there it is.
Let's add irrigation to the
ever-growing list of problems
for tonight's meeting.
On it.
That is. if you'll be
joining us. Councilman Layton?
Wouldn't miss it.
Council Chair Wardell.
Man. I don't know what
everybody's complaining about.
We got open sky. fresh air...
They're complaining
a lot. or a little?
Medium. Either way.
beats the days of the Tail.
know what I'm saying?
Hey!
Hey! Hey!
Cut it out!
Hey. break it up. Boki!
Put him down!
Stop. stop!
What is wrong with y'all?
He doesn't pay attention!
He almost killed me
with the beam!
Well. you weren't looking.
you bloody Frankenstein.
He's drunk. He's drunk!
He's always drunk!
Hey! All right!
We don't have time
for this shit.
We are so close to
finishing this bridge.
Look at you. man.
You're a mess.
Go get yourself stitched up.
This is not the paradise
we were promised.
Try not to use this
hand for a few days.
If you make a fist. it will
rip the stitches. okay?
Mm-hmm.
Ya!
Wanna tell me what happened?
Not really. no.
I hear the bridge
is almost done.
I don't understand
why we're trying to reunite
with those people.
You mean Snowpiercer?
Yeah.
Well. some of our
friends are still on that train.
Yeah. not mine.
Well. if you have any issues
you can always bring them up
at the Council at Town Hall.
Hey. they have music
there sometimes.
You used to play
the piano. right?
Yeah. sometimes.
In the Nightcar.
Well. maybe if it comes
back. you can play again.
Thank you for this.
Welcome. everyone.
to tonight's meeting of
the Council of New Eden.
Uh. let the minutes show
that all members are
present. save one.
Yeah. what's Alex up to tonight?
She was up in the
hill earlier today.
I don't know if she's back.
Checking the relays?
She didn't say.
All right. I move that
we declare Alex's chair
vacant again. Agreed?
Hey. it's her loss.
Agreed.
Right. the main issue on the
docket tonight is the strain on
our already limited resources
should Snowpiercer return.
I just... I was thinking
that while we have this very
serious discussion about
survival. we live a little?
Ah. come on.
It's been a while.
I defer to the Council Chair.
Oh. fine. Chair agrees.
Ruth. say when.
When. When.
You don't listen!
All right. Yay.
And just for this one hand.
you will indulge me.
Kings wild.
Alright.
Just the way they like it.
Oh.
Keep my business
off the street. eh?
Hey. Mr. Sprinkles.
You miss me?
What I'm saying is that
rigging up a geothermal heat
exchanger system for a whole
town is not that simple.
But Snowpiercer's return will
only make it more complicated.
It's more shelters to build.
more mouths to feed.
more energy to generate.
Yeah. But if we can get
geothermal and solar running
20% of the grid by winter.
and then
Big Alice running the rest...
it'll be cold. but we won't
freeze to death. I think.
I see your five.
I raise you ten.
Oh. oh.
He's holding aces.
Snowpiercer comes with
its own resources. too.
It's got more Ag-Sec.
more equipment.
larger workforce.
Yes. but the pocket that
we inhabit is only so large.
Maybe there isn't
room for both trains.
Uh. I don't know
if you guys noticed. but Javi
isn't even paying attention.
He's killing us.
I noticed.
He always does. Fold.
Solid choice.
Alright. Mr. Roche.
I call.
Hmm...
Let's see it.
Like that out right there.
No!
Pair of threes.
No way! No!
Threes?
Threes! He came
at him with three.
How?
How do you do it. Mr. Vegas?
It's all magic.
No. boo.
You want the truth?
No. lie to me.
Yes. the truth.
So. when I was kid. I worked
with my cousins at a restaurant
in Montería.
But after work. we'd go in the
back room. play cards all night.
By the time I was 16.
I able to read everyone.
I read their pistas...
clues.
Read their clues.
You mean "tells?"
Yes. I read your tells.
Okay. what's my pista?
Your pistas. Layton.
on a good hand. you lean back
on your chair all slow-like.
Super dramatic.
Yeah. he does that.
What about Mister Roche here?
Mr. Roche. you check
your hole cards twice.
Just to make sure.
Yeah. And you. Josie.
you play with your hair.
Exactly like that.
Ruth.
Ruth. you're the easiest.
On a bad hand.
your left eyebrow will go up.
You're raising it.
Just her left.
I'm gonna start watching.
I told you this.
I can't play with you guys
anymore.
Oh. what happened?
Oh. if Ag-Sec lost power...
Yeah. I'm on it.
I'll count your chips
for you.
You gotta...
If this is some kind of joke.
it's not funny.
You feel that?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe.
Oh. Oh. Oh. alright.
Yeah. well. I think
Dr. Headwood's treatments
Are working quite well. Yeah?
Oh.
Oh. how about we
kill the lights?
Javi thinks it was an
accident. but who goes
fumbling around the back
of town hall and trips
over a power cable?
You want to talk
about this now?
Not everyone loves the idea
of Snowpiercer coming back.
What if somebody's trying
to send us a message?
Then somebody's gonna
have to get over it.
Come on.
It's not about the train.
it's about the people.
Every day I wonder about Miles.
How tall he's gotten.
Where he is.
Ben. Till...
Melanie not so much.
Come here.
How long have those power
relays been giving you
and Javi problems?
You can go talk to Javi about
that. right now or we can
stay here and get naked.
Yeah. that's my bad.
I don't know what
I was thinking.
New Eden to Snowpiercer.
Do you copy?
Snowpiercer. do you copy?
Come on.
Mel. this is Javi.
Ben. do you copy?
Can you take a step?
Can you take a step for Daddy?
One step for Daddy.
No? Would you do it for Gibby?
One step for Gibby.
Don't worry. it'll happen.
Hello. Miss.
Oh. I don't know why
I'm trying so hard.
One day she's taking her first
steps. the next day she's
walking right out that door
in that scary world.
Will you stop it?
Whatever comes.
Liana will be ready.
She's a fighter.
Mm-hmm. just like her mother.
Just like her father.
Hey. I patched Oz up after
that tussle he had with Boki.
I heard you were the
one who broke it up.
Yeah. Oz... has got issues. Ha!
What made him leave town and
move up on the mountain?
He didn't tell me.
But every day he's up there.
the weirder he gets.
Yeah. I think you're right.
We're gonna try it again.
Ready?
Give me your hand. come on.
Can you...?
Oh. oh! That was a step!
That was a step! You genius.
You did it. baby.
She walked. You saw it.
I saw it. I admit it.
Who's there?
Show yourself.
Hey.
Did you hear that radio call?
Sounded to me like
it got cut off.
Josie went out to
check the relay...
Javi. I'm busy right now.
I can't talk. actually.
It's Snowpiercer.
I think they just tried to make
contact for the first time
in a year.
Look. Alex. I know you've got
your own thing going on...
but you're on the Council and
we have a lot of responsibility.
Power. Comms. water.
you name it.
Yeah. I was running Big Alice
when I was nine. so...
And you're a genius.
I know that.
We all know that.
The fact that you figured out
how Big Alice could generate
power in low-idle is. like...
Nobel Prize winning stuff.
I was going to say.
"impressive." but okay.
The thing is. Snowpiercer is
coming into comms range.
It could be already.
And that includes your mother.
Out of all people. don't
you want to reach her?
Javi. stick to the science.
Stay away from the personal.
You're not very
good at it. okay?
Layton.
Josie!
Javi thinks he just heard
Snowpiercer on the comms
but the signal dropped out.
But I mean if they're
in communications range.
that means they're closing in
on the track switch.
Well ahead of schedule.
But the bridge isn't
done yet.
If Snowpiercer's that close...
Oly. look. we need to
fix the relays first.
They can't come if they
don't know we exist.
Do you think you can
get up there. Josie?
See if that relay is the
reason we the loss of signal.
Yeah. I'll go and suit up.
The other relay. though. it's
six or seven hour trek away...
Yeah.
I'll get Boki.
I'm on my way.
Hi. guys.
Hey. Z!
Yo.
Have you seen Boki?
He never showed up
This morning. Hey.
neither did Oz.
Oh. hey.
What did we say about
ripping those stitches?
You need to come by the clinic
and get them redone.
Okay?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I'll try.
Hey. excuse me.
Can I get your attention
for minute?
I'm looking for Boki.
Anybody seen him?
Nope.
Big guy.
Yeah.
I saw him coming out
of the engine earlier.
He was up at Big Alice?
Yeah.
He had a small crate with him.
Looked like he was
heading up into the hills.
Thanks. Lights.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Could the rug have fall off
a cliff or something?
Uh. even with the winds
the way they've
been. I doubt it.
But this is why we lost the
signal this morning.
Power issues.
broken relays.
Did you ever find Boki?
I heard he was up
at the Engine today.
Javi. Alex say anything
to you about it?
No.
She talks to Mr. Sprinkles
more than she does to me.
I'm sorry. Mr. Sprinkles.
Her pet bird.
She's using him to get some
climate data.
Does she keep him
in a little box?
Yeah. usually. Why?
No. just something
Lights said.
Boki is not our guy.
Hey. uh. I think this
was sabotage.
Things can't have
gotten that bad.
You said it yourself.
the town's been grumbling.
We need to address this
tonight at town hall and maybe
discuss stepping up security
with Mr. Roche.
Javi. can you and Josie either
repair or replace this relay and
get it back on hillside?
It'll be tight. but...
Excellent. thank you.
Andre. can I have a minute?
Okay. thank you. Sean.
Uh. Zarah. sorry but I have
to step out for a bit.
Sure.
Will you be back this afternoon?
Yes.
Uh. I... Boki needs another
skin treatment.
Uh. I'll be back after that.
Okay.
Oz was supposed to stop by and
get his stitches redone. but he
never came. so I going to
head up to see him later.
You're a kind soul.
This is not the
normal town drama.
There's something else goin' on.
And you really think it's
related to Snowpiercer
coming back?
Maybe.
I don't know.
We voted to fix the bridge
a long time ago so why
Fight it now?
Devil's advocate?
Resentment is a powerful thing.
The feeling is that we risked
everything coming here.
Snowpiercer didn't.
They chose to move on.
So why should they share the
reward. when we took all the
risk? Let them live
with their choice.
That's the "devil's advocate"
talking. or Ruth Wardell?
We both have friends on that
train. Friends we'd
like to see again.
Yeah.
Right.
Well. my opinion?
It's not a protest.
Protestors want to be heard
and seen.
This is different.
This is more like they're
testing us to see how
we're going to respond.
The question is. what next?
Ohh.
Times like these. I bet you
really regret stepping down.
Not even a little bit.
Getting to spend all this time
with Liana.
Wouldn't change
it for the world.
I am a changed man. Ruth.
And if the town needs its
"wartime" general back at?
They already have theirs.
The people elected you. Ruth.
And there's not a better
person to lead them right now.
Alright. I'm gonna go talk
to Alex and see if she can
tell us where Boki's at.
Hi. Sam.
Hey.
What?
Sorry. I'm on patrol.
Just checking in.
Did I wake Liana?
It's okay. I was about
to wake her anyway.
You know rule six of being
a parent is never wake
a sleeping kid.
Yeah. but I gotta go
up the mountain to see Oz.
I have to drop her with Andre.
No. no. let her sleep.
I'll watch her.
Uh...
it's okay.
Don't worry about it.
I'd be thrilled.
You know how much I miss
stage with Carly.
before back tattoos became the
topic of conversation?
You sure?
I won't be gone long.
Please. let me watch her.
Go.
Okay. see ya. Alright. see ya.
Hello.
Hey.
Missed you at the meeting
last night.
And the last three before that.
I don't have time to play
card games with you guys
right now.
Ouch.
Officially offended.
I'm just busy.
Melanie always said. "Big minds
should solve big problems."
So your pet bird qualifies
as a big problem now?
First off all. calling
Mr. Sprinkles is a dedicated
scientific collaborator.
Second of all. how do you about
him?
Saw Boki?
No. I wish.
We could've used him today to go
check on the far relay. but you
sent him on an errand.
So... when will he be back?
Later tonight.
Also. it's not an "errand."
He's going to the edge of the
pocket to get me data on
magnetic fields. barometric
pressure. seismographic readings
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
We're having earthquakes?
We've been having them.
They're small and they're
sporadic. but they're real and
they're concerning.
I'm trying to figure out if
the atmospheric erosion is
a corollary of the quakes.
There's something
that missing in the field.
There's something that
doesn't make sense.
Yeah. there's a lot
of that going on.
Audrey!
What happened to
you? They're coming.
Audrey!
Oz. it's me!
It's just me.
Sorry.
You need to get inside
What's wrong?
Sorry. I just thought
you were someone else.
Who?
You wouldn't believe
me if I told you.
Those are a mess. We need
to take care of them.
You came all the way
up here just for me?
What?
Why would you do that?
Maybe because...
I know what it's like to be
An outsider. To be
constantly misjudged.
I know what it feels like to be
so consumed by fear and
basic survival that you forget
what you're supposed
to be living for.
I can't live down there
on that bloody train.
No one's asking you to.
Just tell me what happened.
We stopped moving.
That's a good thing. isn't it?
When you stop moving.
the past catches up and piles
on top of you.
So climb out from under it.
Ah. Ah. Sorry.
When we're done
here. come with me.
People are gathering at the
town hall tonight to talk about
Snowpiercer's return...
They're not coming back. ever.
Snowpiercer's gone.
They're all dead.
Alright. thanks everyone.
thank you all for coming.
I know you all have questions.
Questions about some
recent events.
But before taking those
questions. I'd like to take
a moment to express
the Council's gratitude
for your tireless efforts
to complete the trestle bridge.
Really. congratulations
on a job well done.
It's been a long time
since we've seen our friends
on Snowpiercer. hasn't it?
Well. the day is fast
approaching when we get to see
them again.
To reunite. hug our friends. and
we took show them that the risks
we took coming here were worth it.
John. you're not making
sense. what voices?
First they were just these whispers in
the wind in the middle of the night.
but if you listen.
you can hear them...
Sound carries in the
mountains. and the drinking
doesn't help...
No. no. It's not
that! I'm not drunk.
and I'm not crazy. I was
married to a psychopath
so I know what crazy
sounds like. that's not this.
Please. just calm down.
Something happened on that
train. something awful.
And I know who's
responsible for all of it.
What are you talking about? Who?
It's LJ.
She won't...
She won't leave me alone.
Come on. come with me...
Now. Now. Just listen...
Now. Just listen...
Oz...
I know how destructive LJ was...
Please... just please
just be quiet...
If Snowpiercer returns. you
don't have to deal with...
They're not returning.
I just told you.
Oz. I'm trying to help
you. but you need to...
No. you listen! Just listen!
All is not forgiven...
we're just as guilty
as they are... all of us.
They're already here. they're
haunting this place because
we made it and they didn't.
I'm sorry. I have to go.
Sorry.
Can you just wait? Zarah!
Zarah!
I see you brought
the aloha gear.
Tried to give Ruth
a smile tonight.
It's good. I kind of missed
the old "Aloha Javi."
He knew how to have fun.
Well. so did Alex.
Did I?
Hey. we need some help here.
Can somebody make some room?
We need help.
I got you.
Zarah?
Dr. Headwood?
Is that...
Yeah. it's Audrey.
She showed up on a track scaler.
she's in really bad shape.
Everybody. we need
the room. please.
Go get her some water.
Quick as you can.
What happened to her skin?
I don't know.
She showed up like this.
She said someone was coming.
Audrey?
Dr. Headwood?
Oh. not this again.
I thought you fixed the cable.
I did!
Javi. Alex. get
the power back on
. Hey. hey. hey. hey.
The power. the relays.
someone is not coming.
They're already here.
They've been here.
Who?
Where is Zarah?
Why isn't she...
I need to find Liana.
Out of the way!
Audrey? Excuse me. excuse me.
Can you say Roche?
Yes. Hello. Can you say Roche?
Yes.
Hey. Doc Headwood. how you been?
Good evening.
Oh. don't worry. Doc.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Probably just a loose cable...
I'm very sorry. Mr. Roche.
Layton! Layton!
Hey. Yeah?
I just saw...
Yeah. the track scaler. I know.
Miss Audrey was inside.
What?
Yeah. she's in bad shape.
I took her up to town hall.
but she needs a doctor.
Miss Audrey. the stock.
one thing at a time.
I didn't see a track scaler.
I saw a snow cat.
What?
Yes. on the other side of the
mountain. it was a transport
or something.
We haven't got one of those.
Neither does Snowpiercer.
Zarah! Where are you?
Zarah!
Layton?
Oh... Hey. hey!
Sam!
Sam. come on. buddy.
He's got a pulse.
Liana?
Liana? Liana?
- Dr. Headwood?
- Zarah.
Who is that with you?
Remain calm. everything's
going to be alright.
Give me my daughter.
Zarah! Stop!
He is a friend. Zarah.
He's a friend.
Give me my daughter.
Now!
Don't fight!
Zarah. don't fight with him.
Get off of me.
Please. I'm trying
to help you. Zarah!
Don't fight with him.
Give me my child.
Stop fighting with him. please.
We stemmed the bleeding.
but he never woke up.
He needs help.
How the hell did this
happen. Andre?
Just get a nurse.
Go to the clinic.
I'm gonna round up volunteers
to search the hills.
Josie's already up there.
I need everybody.
Ruth. everybody.
Zarah!
Who is that?
It's Bojan Boscovic.
You must come with me.
Please. Hurry!
It's her back.
I did not want to move her.
Zarah?
Zarah. Zarah. it's
Josie. Can you hear me?
Liana...
they took Liana...
Who took her?
Liana?
Head...
Headwood...
and stranger...
not...
not one of us...
Not one of us. Liana.
take care of Liana.
We will.
I can't feel anything...
I'm right here.
Everyone fan out.
Javi. you go east.
Alex. you take the north hills.
they're out there somewhere.
Layton...
No. no. no. no.
Zarah?
She was at the
bottom of a cliff.
She was almost gone
when we reached her.
I'm sorry.
Where's Liana?
We don't know.
Where is she?
It was Headwood
and a stranger.
I don't know. Layton.
I don't...
Layton.
Layton. Layton. they've gone.
They have a vehicle.
You'll die if you go out there.
Listen to me. it's too late.
It's too late!
Layton. it's too late.
Layton...
I'm going to find
who took Liana.
And I'm going to kill them.
Whatever it takes.
Where are you guys?
What's going on?
Admiral Anton Milius.
International Peace Keeping
Forces.
Survivors? Everyone
remain calm...
...everyone except you two.
You're taking me
to Melanie Cavill.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-